Add comprehensive coding agent instructions for flashlight repository (#81)
Amund211/flashlight: .github/instructions/.instructions.md

- `errors.go` - Domain-specific error types

**Application Layer** (`internal/app/`):
- `get_and_persist.go` - Core player data retrieval and persistence
- `history.go` - Player statistics history
- `sessions.go` - Session management logic
- `milestone.go` - Milestone achievement detection
- Account management services

**Adapters** (`internal/adapters/`):
- `database/` - PostgreSQL database connection and migrations
- `playerprovider/` - Hypixel API integration
- `accountprovider/` - Mojang API integration  
- `playerrepository/` - Database persistence layer
- `cache/` - TTL-based caching implementation

**Ports** (`internal/ports/`):
- HTTP handlers for all API endpoints
- CORS middleware and domain validation
- Request/response converters
- Rate limiting middleware

### Key Configuration Files

- `.pre-commit-config.yaml` - Pre-commit hooks (go-fmt, go-vet, go-build, go-unit-tests)
- `.github/workflows/test-and-deploy.yaml` - CI/CD pipeline
- `.gitignore` - Excludes cmd/.env, coverage files, binaries
- `.gcloudignore` - Excludes test files and utilities from Cloud deployment

### Database Schema

PostgreSQL schema with migrations in `internal/adapters/database/`:

> - Separate schemas for production (`public`) and development (`dev`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Separate schemas for production (`flashlight`) and development (`flashlight_test`)
```
